vlog year day 55 so if you guys follow
me on Twitter then you have probably
already seen pictures of my new kitten
but I figured that I would guys here in
a vlog I just got him yesterday and I
got about like three hours of sleep last
night because he wanted to play like all
night long so I had him in the bathroom
here just to kind of start him out just
so he wouldn't be too overwhelmed by the
apartment and I slept on the floor right
here on that rug with him and he would
just wake me up periodically throughout
the three hours that I was trying to
sleep and he would want to play so I
played with them and that resulted in me
being pretty groggy and tired today but
that's okay
he's totally worth it so right now he's
just kind of getting used to everything
and hopefully he'll be on a more normal
routine soon I actually thought that I
was gonna have to keep him in the
bathroom longer but he was like ready to
explore there's his litter box right
there he was ready to explore so I just
let him out and just let him freely
explore like my bedroom and this room I
had him explore this room first and over
here is kind of like his little kitten
for I actually put sheets all around the
bottom of the couch because I wasn't
sure if he was able to fit under the
couch but I didn't want to take a risk
so I just blocked it all off and then
he's been like playing and kind of
lounging in his bed I put it up high so
it's kind of like a step up to the couch
and my mom is sitting there on the couch
we had Urth Caffe for dinner and I had
the chicken curry sandwich which was
really good the tiramisu at earth cafe
like one of the best courtesies I've
ever had is it it's so big - I'll show
you guys right here this is what the
tiramisu looks like my mom took a few
bites I haven't had any yet but it's
really really good so I highly recommend
this from Earth cafe and then my kitten
who by the way his name is nugget I
decided to name him nugget because he
looks like a little fluff nugget I don't
know if you guys can hear his little
meow um but he likes these treats so I
guess now I should show you guys little
nugget look he's been climbing all over
his Sleepypod he's been on top of it in
it I took a picture of him earlier today
like this and he's also been enjoying
sitting on top of this box with Panda
the hut and settlers for Katan like
right in this space right here but there
he is
little nugget and he is about 12 weeks
old so he's a growing boy and he's eaten
a lot of food he ate a whole little can
of wet food last night and then he ate
some more today he also ate some dry
food so he's been eating really well
which I'm happy about
happy happy about and he pooped he peed
like three or four times so he's doing
really well and I think he's address
ting really well for being in a new
environment and around new people and he
has been nice to my mom too he was
playing with my mom's feet and my mom
was playing with him earlier
maybe I wore him out though he we were
over there um with the caddy snacks and
I was playing with him with his little I
found out that it's pronounced NECA
flies because Necco means cat in
Japanese a lot of you guys told me in
the comments but he really loves this
toy he's been playing with it all day oh
there he is
so I'm just going to insert some footage
that I took earlier
nugget playing I was playing with him
and his little neck Oh flies kitten a
derp toy that he is loving right now so
I'll insert that stuff right here are
you doing well
what do you got what do you got here
what do you got around you oh and that
is going to be it for today I'm going to
go and hang out with my mom and my new
baby kitten so I hope you guys enjoyed
seeing a little glimpse of him and he
will be in many more vlogs so this isn't
the only time that you will see him and
I've been tweeting about him pretty much
all day because I'm just so happy to
have him and he is just a little furry
ball of joy and I love him so yeah I
hope you all are having a fantastic day
and I will see you guys tomorrow bye